added localization setup details to versioning page (#440)
mintlify/docs: settings/versioning.mdx

    navigation, make sure you spelled the version the same as in your `versions`
    array in `mint.json`.
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

## Localization

### Setup

> Using `"versions"` in your `mint.json` file where `en`, `fr`, and `es` are the names of your localizations. The first localization from the array serves as the default localization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`"versions"` in your `mint.json` can be leveraged to create different language versions. The first localization from the array serves as the default localization.
```

> We currently support localization in English, Chinese, Spanish, French, Japanese, and Portuguese.

Reviewer: can we add the different codes here too? like:

```suggestion
We currently support localization in English (`en`), Chinese, Spanish (`es`), French (`fr`), Japanese, and Portuguese.
```
